another episode of the real white
housewives of orange president today as
I'll tell you something the news started
early this morning it has not let up
what an onslaught trying to keep up with
all this is I felt like the fattest kid
on the dodgeball court all day today you
know last night I compared the
president's behavior to The Sopranos but
today it seems more like six feet under
because he's somebody finally pulled the
fire alarm in hell we now know that what
what did the Whistler blow and when did
he blow it the much-anticipated
complaint against the president has been
on earth and if this isn't it nothing
will be this thing this grabs Trump by
the McNuggets and doesn't ask permission
it is this is what the whistleblower
sent to the Inspector General in the
course of my official duties I received
information from multiple US government
officials that the president United
States is using the power of his office
to solicit interference from a foreign
country in the twenty20 u.s. election
the interference includes among other
things pressuring a foreign country to
investigate one of the president's main
domestic political rivals the
president's personal lawyer mr. Rudolph
Giuliani is a central figure in this
effort Attorney General bar appears to
be involved as well that's not a whistle
that's that's an airhorn that is a a
wheelbarrow full of trombones and not
only did Trump according to the
complaint try to get dirt on Biden the
whistleblower says White House senior
officials were so deeply disturbed by
the call they moved all records of it to
a top-secret server they basically did
that thing where you hide your porn in a
folder labeled deductible receipts or
something
and that is ironic indeed a conspiracy
to hide evidence on a private server you
can hear Hillary screaming all the way
from the woods at chapel o'clock so
initially actually they tried to hide
the records in the White House air vents
but Melania was already hiding in them
another suggestion in the report was
that this is not the only time they
buried records of course it's not the
only time they bury he probably does
this stuff every day he'll probably do
it again tomorrow it's like when he get
a speeding ticket that doesn't happen
the only time you speed right now he's
probably on the phone with with Belgium
trying to get the secret to their
waffles or something and the best part
is he released the transcript he
basically screwed himself this is the
closest Donald Trump has ever come to
having sex with someone his own age
these Republicans they're so fearful
most of them just read the transcript
they're like well there's nothing fishy
about this call at all this morning
joseph mcguire who's Trump's acting
director of national intelligence
appeared before the House Intelligence
Committee to talk about the complaint
and how it was handled lawmakers wanted
to know why he didn't hand the complaint
over to Congress right away which is
standard procedure for a whistleblower
he waited five weeks to turn it in he
wouldn't say whether or not he and the
president discussed the complaint but he
did admit to consulting with White House
lawyers when he got it which makes sense
and in the first step for any credible
investigation is to hand the evidence to
the person who is being investigated
that way they can tell you what to do
with it and as usual we were reminded
today that one of the biggest tools
Trump has at his disposal is
representative Devin Nunez the current
hysteria has something else in common
with the Russia hoax back then they
accused the Trump campaign of colluding
with Russians when the Democrats
themselves were colluding with Russians
and preparing the still dossier today
they accused the president of pressuring
Ukrainians to take action
that would help himself or hurt is a
political opponents and yet there are
numerous examples of Democrats doing the
exact same thing see this is their
strategy whatever you say we did we say
you did right back pretty soon he'll be
accusing the Democrats of having sex
with stormy Daniels before you know you
know what kind of examples we're talking
about here Democrats on this very
committee negotiated with people who
they thought were Ukrainians in order to
obtain nude pictures of Trump and that
was the moment I realized I wouldn't be
eating breakfast today
[Applause]
you hear that someone wants to see
Donald Trump nude that might be the
wildest conspiracy theory ever even Q
and I'm is like no way that's that is
that is not this is interesting too I
noticed something during McGuire's
testimony this could be a game-changer
check this out cuz during his testimony
look at what kind of water he was
drinking here okay he's at Poland Spring
Poland spring water which is a curious
choice especially we can consider no
witness has ever been given Poland
Spring Water before not Jim Comey who
was given tap water Corey Lewandowski
got Dasani
Mark Zuckerberg was seen it was giving a
official Congress water Ben Affleck was
in Congress he got Deer Park water
so why wet your whistle blower with
Poland spring well could it be the fact
that Poland shares a border with Ukraine
that's right now this is Watergate right
here and with this Ukraine drama
unfolding with a president facing
impeachment for only the third time in
American history with every news channel
laser focused on this developing story
this is what they were up to this
morning on Fox and Friends I'm always
amazed about the the way we're coming up
with different ways of flavoring serum
sugar and SAP and just putting a funnel
in the tree was enough
like someone's gunning for a Pulitzer
and shame on the fake news media for not
giving National Pancake Day the time it
deserves morale was said to be low at
the White House today it was cloudy with
a chance of tweet balls today things are
so bad
things are so bad for Donald Trump he
was forced to retweet Geraldo today
that's how grim it got the president
spent much of the afternoon complaining
about the complaint again calling it a
witch-hunt and he also came up with a
title for his autobiography today it
will be called the greatest scam in the
history of American politics Trump
claims he only watched a little bit of
the testimony this morning there's yeah
just like he only needs a little bit of
cake he did not tweet as much as he
usually does today but he did get out in
front of reporters for a little tantrum
on the tarmac they don't want to talk
about anything because they're fixated
of this and Nancy Pelosi has been
hijacked by the radical left and
everybody knows it thank you
and now if you'll excuse me I'm off to
make love killer filet on foot
Trump also lashed out directly at the
whistleblower and the person who turned
him into the whistleblower which is
outrageous and he made it very clear
that he wants a know who it was
that ratted him out whole arias the
president wants to kill someone on his
fact what will he think of next we still
don't know the identity of this
whistleblower that will be revealed next
Wednesday on the mast singer but we
didn't learn we didn't learn from the
New York Times that he is a man and he's
with the CIA
so when Trump says it was a spy he's
right it was it was one of our spies he
really is spinning out he's getting
increasingly sloppy you think the guy
with the world's most famous comb-over
would be better at a cover-up but he's
also suggested today that it or
threatened today that if he gets
impeached the stock market will crash
that's right the markets will crash
chicken sandwiches will sell out cell
phones will freeze up right when you're
trying to send a text we're all going to
hell without him be well the Vice pootle
Mike Pence is
quietly and politely biding his time
they sent him out to suckle the warm and
nourishing teats of lou dobbs and but I
don't know if I was Donald Trump Mike
Pence is a guy I'd keep an eye on the
ironic thing is the only time it did
happen that we know about is when former
Vice President Joe Biden threatened over
a billion dollars in aid to Ukraine in
exchange for a specific act but in this
case the president's been completely
vindicated
[Applause]
according to the complaint Trump ordered
Mike Pence to skip Ukrainian president
solinsky's inauguration and sent Rick
Perry instead and the reason he did it
because he wanted to see if zalanski
would play ball before he sent Mike
Pence over there because you know if you
play bald Mike Pence
he will always fetch it and it ruins the
game so he sent Rick Perry who as you
know was the second person eliminated on
Dancing with the Stars and The
Whistleblower wrote multiple US
officials told me that the Ukrainian
leadership was led to believe that a
meeting or phone call between the
president and president zalenski would
depend on whether zelanski sholde
willingness to play ball and the issues
that had been publicly aired by mr. Lutz
anko and mr. Giuliani those issues being
getting information on hunter Biden Joe
Biden's son here's my prediction only
guy who's going down for all of this
Rudy Giuliani when the dust is cleared
Rudy will be under the bus maybe even
the Access Hollywood bus if we're lucky
and he's already feuding with the State
Department he claims they sent him to
the Ukraine they say they didn't and
either way he was the middleman for
Trump on this which are having Rudy
Giuliani be your middle mate it's like
asking Bill Cosby to chaperone your day
in Tehran but Rudy says that when all is
said and done he will be the hero of his
story right he he'll be like those
heroes you met out on the street today
begging for 10
meanwhile the impeachment process
marches on a majority of the house at
least 223 lawmakers now are on board
with the impeachment inquiry but Nancy
Pelosi the Speaker of the House is in no
mood to celebrate everyday the sad news
four's
because the disregard for our
Constitution that the president has
becomes more clear
she'll be chugging Coors Light from a
beer bar all signs are pointing to
impeachment and people are noticing from
Washington DC all the way to Washington
State this is the call for impeaching
President Trump the sign was showing
during the morning commute
the Sun was back to normal by 11:00 in
the morning but we showed the picture to
rich Gordon oh I improved but it's good
it being a sign like oh no no no of
course not but that's fun take that man
the governor if you liked that video
click Subscribe and we'll be together
until one of us dies